[DOCS] Link to open API specification from ML sync API (#142136)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/machine-learning/sync.asciidoc

[[machine-learning-api-sync]]
=== Sync {ml} saved objects API
++++
<titleabbrev>Sync {ml} saved objects</titleabbrev>
++++

Synchronizes {kib} saved objects for {ml} jobs and trained models.

[NOTE]
====
For the most up-to-date API details, refer to the

> https://github.com/elastic/kibana/tree/main/x-pack/plugins/ml/common/openapi[open API specification]. For a preview, check out <<machine-learning-apis>>.

Author: ```suggestion
{kib-repo}/tree/{branch}/x-pack/plugins/ml/common/openapi[open API specification]. For a preview, check out <<machine-learning-apis>>.
```
